# Cat 7
function cat7() {
	local option
	echo
	echo "How may I be of assistance, mere apprentice?"
	select option in Talk Help Leave Quit; do
		case "$option" in
			"Talk")
				echo "Come to hear the tales of my glory, have you? Well I'll be happy to share with you."
				echo "It all started 5 years ago, back in my young days as a mere apprentice like you."
				read -p "You feel this story may go on for a while. Do you want to keep listening? (y|n)" choice
				case "$choice" in
					y|Y)
						echo "I was serving under my master back then. Master Ivystar was a expert at catching all manners of prey."
						echo "It didn't matter whether it wa birds, mice, rats, or even snakes. He would catch and kill them all."
						echo "My master took me in when I was just a wee lad who didn't know how to hunt at all much less survive."
						echo "After they took me in, the made sure I was feed and had shelter for the cold nights."
						echo "After regaining my strength, master taught me how to hunt for myself and survive on my own."
						echo "We went on living together for close to 4 years when our time together was vrought to a abrupt halt."
						echo "One of masters most inportant rules was to never go after anything without certainty."
						echo "Snakes are very cunning and rarely leave any openings so I've never been allowed to hunt snakes."
						echo "Feeling that I could prove myself to master and show him that he can trust his apprentice, I decided to hunt a snake on my own."
						echo "After leaving my master, I went on my own using what he taught me to survive. At first everything was going smoothly."
						echo "I took me almost a month, but I finally found my target. A snake."
						echo "Heading my masters words, I made sure to be as quiet as possible when I sneaked up to the snake from behind."
						echo "Right as I was about to make my attack, the snake suddenly turned around and went to strike my."
						echo "I though for sure that I was silent, but apperently not. As the snake was approaching me, I saw my life flash before my eyes."
						echo "I saw my time struggling to live on my own, I saw my time with Master IvyStar and all the times we went hunting together."
						echo "I though to myself, how foolish of my to think I could take on a snake as if it were a measly bird or mouse."
						echo "I deserved to die for being so foolish and attempting something as dumb as this."
						echo "Once I came back to reality, I saw something jump inbetween me and the snakes open jaw. It was Master."
						echo "I asked him what he was doing here and he said he was following me to make sure I was safe."
						echo "Right after saying that, the snake bit into Master and nearly killed him."
						echo "Filled with rage, I ran at the snake dodging its attacks with its jaw and got onto its back."
						echo "Once on its back, I proceded to claw and bite into the back of the snake until it was dead."
						echo "Once that was done, I ran back to Master who was lying on the ground with blood seaping out from where he got bit."
						echo ""Master!" I said over and over hoping he would respond. Eventually, he started to come to and responded back."
						echo ""Youngen, I always had faith in you, but you didn't know about snakes since I never taught you how to fight them.""
						echo ""They sense movement on the ground so you have to attack from above and go for the kill in one hit.""
						echo ""I take full responsibility for what happened to me. Now help me get back up and lets go home.""
						echo "I was relieved seeing that Master was going to be fine but that feeling was short lived."
						echo "While I was grabing some leaves and herbs to wrap the wounds on Master, the snake who I thought was dead moved."
						echo "It made a lunging last ditch attack that would have killed me had it hit."
						echo "Master, using the last of his strength, ran inbetween the snake and me, took the hit, and finished the snake off."
						echo ""That's the other thing you gotta look out for in snakes, they don't like dying. 'cough' 'cough'"
						echo ""I don't think I'm coming back from this one youngen. Make sure to see me off properly, will ye.""
						echo "After saying that, Master passed on and moved into the big litter box in the sky."
						echo "Knowing that Master would want me to be depresed about loosing him, I decided to live up to his legacy and find other cats in need."
						echo "That ended up leading me here, to this garden to help all of you cats who looked like you were starving."
						echo "This brings the epic saga of my uprising to a close."
						break 2
					;;
					n|N)
						echo "What do you mean you don't have time for my grand saga?"
						break 2
					;;
				esac
			;;
			"Help")
				echo "So, you come seeking the aid of a glorious knight such as myself."
				read -p "Ask for help? (y|n)" assistance
				case "$assistance" in
					y|Y)
						scare=$((1 + RANDOM % 10))
						if [ $scare >= 5 ]; then
							#invoke scare random function
							echo "The birds were smart today. The managed to catch on to my noble plan."
						elif
							#invoke function to find nests
							echo "My amazing prowess as a knight has let me locate the birds for you."
							echo "The birds today are located in the following: "
							echo
							#insert function to list location of bird nests
						fi
						break 2
					;;
					n|N)
						echo "So, you want to prove your own mettle, do you. I wish you the best of luck, apprentice."    
						break 2
					;;
				esac
			;;
			'Leave")
				break 2
			;;
			"Quit")
				break 2
			;;
		esac
	done
}
