LS(1)                     BSD General Commands Manual                    LS(1)

NAME
     ls -- list directory contents

SYNOPSIS
     ls [-ABCFGHLOPRSTUW@abcdefghiklmnopqrstuwx1%] [file ...]

DESCRIPTION
     For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory, ls
     displays its name as well as any requested, associated information.  For
     each operand that names a file of type directory, ls displays the names
     of files contained within that directory, as well as any requested, asso-
     ciated information.

     If no operands are given, the contents of the current directory are dis-
     played.  If more than one operand is given, non-directory operands are
     displayed first; directory and non-directory operands are sorted sepa-
     rately and in lexicographical order.

     The following options are available:
     
     -a      Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.).

     -l      (The lowercase letter ``ell''.)  List in long format.  (See
             below.)  A total sum for all the file sizes is output on a line
             before the long listing.

     By default, ls lists one entry per line to standard output.

     File information is displayed with one or more <blank>s separating the
     information associated with the -l option.

   The Long Format
     If the -l option is given, the following information is displayed for
     each file: file mode, number of links, owner name, group name, number of
     bytes in the file, abbreviated month, day-of-month file was last modi-
     fied, hour file last modified, minute file last modified, and the path-
     name.  In addition, for each directory whose contents are displayed, the
     total number of 512-byte blocks used by the files in the directory is
     displayed on a line by itself, immediately before the information for the
     files in the directory.  If the file or directory has extended
     attributes, the permissions field printed by the -l option is followed by
     a '@' character.  Otherwise, if the file or directory has extended secu-
     rity information (such as an access control list), the permissions field
     printed by the -l option is followed by a '+' character.

     If the modification time of the file is more than 6 months in the past or
     future, then the year of the last modification is displayed in place of
     the hour and minute fields.

     If the owner or group names are not a known user or group name the numeric ID's are displayed.

     If the file is a character special or block special file, the major and
     minor device numbers for the file are displayed in the size field.  If
     the file is a symbolic link, the pathname of the linked-to file is pre-
     ceded by ``->''.

     The file mode printed under the -l option consists of the entry type,
     owner permissions, and group permissions.  The entry type character
     describes the type of file, as follows:

           b     Block special file.
           c     Character special file.
           d     Directory.
           l     Symbolic link.
           s     Socket link.
           p     FIFO.
           -     Regular file.

     The next three fields are three characters each: owner permissions, group
     permissions, and other permissions.  Each field has three character posi-
     tions:

           1.   If r, the file is readable; if -, it is not readable.

           2.   If w, the file is writable; if -, it is not writable.

           3.   The first of the following that applies:

                      S     If in the owner permissions, the file is not exe-
                            cutable and set-user-ID mode is set.  If in the
                            group permissions, the file is not executable and
                            set-group-ID mode is set.

                      s     If in the owner permissions, the file is exe-
                            cutable and set-user-ID mode is set.  If in the
                            group permissions, the file is executable and set-
                            group-ID mode is set.

                      x     The file is executable or the directory is search-
                            able.

                      -     The file is neither readable, writable, exe-
                            cutable, nor set-user-ID nor set-group-ID mode,
                            nor sticky.  (See below.)

EXAMPLES
     The following is how to do an ls listing of everything in the current directory

           ls -la

DIAGNOSTICS
     The ls utility exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs.

COMPATIBILITY
     The group field is now automatically included in the long listing for
     files in order to be compatible with the IEEE Std 1003.2 (``POSIX.2'')
     specification.

LEGACY DESCRIPTION

     For more information about legacy mode, see compat(5).

SEE ALSO
     chflags(1), chmod(1), sort(1), xterm(1), compat(5), termcap(5),
     symlink(7), sticky(8)

STANDARDS
     The ls utility conforms to IEEE Std 1003.1-2001 (``POSIX.1'').

HISTORY
     An ls command appeared in Version 1 AT&T UNIX.

BUGS
     To maintain backward compatibility, the relationships between the many
     options are quite complex.